It's been 29 years since Walter defeated
colo colo in santiago but today in the
court they played much more than that the
winner was only 3 points of the u
the porteños arrived directly in
buses from valparaíso los albos only
they did in their private vehicles
but in patota Eduardo also arrived
wolves the sub-20 goalkeeper that in the
airport went to see his team
we have two alternatives
they were very good and I'm going to save you this
part
She was wrong with all of us are
We are aware that we had
so much the criticism of how it comes better
we changed the subject
jarvis a guajardo barticcioto and peña
injured in coca mendoza integrates the
Monday and Marcelo Espinas arrives next
Friday with the power co
he is an extremely important player
that inhabits by itself in the manner of
that we are very confident in the contribution
of him is going to be significant in the
second part the championship we are
waiting at number 8 the shirt does not
has occupied jorge garcés changed his
defensive system of liberated line of 4
it was a special game that did not change
it was his traditional coat the one of today is
very elegant it was white
winter
the first time made it clear that the two
teams went out to win both
minutes great attack plays neither colo
colo that closes lengthens for gonzález and
in star the ball on the crossbar
to the five corners of the well and header
of villaseca for this elevated a
avasallador gradually beginning was
tempering wanders by taking over the
ball in midfield at seven a
vista rodrigo valenzuela at 23 shots
free bar that leaves the cost
left by ramírez
again valenzuela the best of wander and
the course of the corner
minute 30 appears the is served in
trays silvio fernandez who said in
amazing incredible shape what is
he lost the Uruguayan
what happened with colo colo that did not
I was reacting already finishing the first
fraction another associated football play
of the albos and that was of rosental
Italian reaches in palmar
the temperature dropped to 3 degrees
celsius and the score was frozen to 0
in the second half at 48 great
occasion of rodrigo valenzuela ramírez no
it arrived but the luck was thrown
that ball did not want to network
awakens pink the calculation its phase to
heart of the area was a little behind
to gonzález
now it's gonzález who washes you claudio
Salinas projected defense equipment
and scare
a key moment of the party enters
Carlos Reyes by Hector Tapia and a
minute after the 68 plays of kings
with gonzález that by faithful that they have
entered giving him an easy ball
sebastián rozental hits the post
and collect a global goal and the albos
three golden points
and emissions and falling
it came out cost August as it came
defining and passed close covered of
archer and fortunately today entered
in a very important moment annoying
because they can not make us those goals
there is an error there
dependence value at a time that
we lose the value in three quarters of
court
and 70 meters later to recover and to
cut a play and probably not
it may happen I told you before the
match here with teams and with equals
how do you color the u
tabs once if they pass bill and
today at 83 minutes again rosental
closing phase brings out a powerful defense
shot and that of álex for a goal from
gonzález but nullified by sitting in his
site
the match ended with the albos tucked
in your area and giving the ball outside and
with a big hug because now they are the
unique escorts of the uv
we knew that the water had tied and
there were three points of the pointer
we are second only then are things
not
that we had not proposed for this
final of the first wheel before the
I respect the family so I think it's
quite positive and good we have to
continue forward the match is coming
with good Catholic and then we'll see
what happens next we have the
have the party and celebrate obviously
with the people who were kevin today that
It was enough and that's an incentive more
to continue the fight
next week
diaz drawers
especially for sebastian roses